---
layout: single
#classes:
#  - wide
permalink: /pubs/

sidebar:
  nav: menu
---

Paracousti is routinely presented and disseminated.

# Publications
1. E. Hafla, E. Johnson, C.N. Johnson, L. Preston, D. Aldridge, J.D. Roberts. “Modeling underwater noise propagation from marine hydrokinetic power devices through a time-domain, velocity-pressure solution.” Journal of the Acoustical Society of America. 14 (6) (2018), 3242-3253.
2. E. Halfa, C. Johnson, E. Johnson, J. Roberts. “Noise Generated from an Array of Current Energy Converters.” Proceedings of the 4th Marine Energy Technology Symposium. Washington D.C. (May 2016).
3. C.N. Johnson, J.D. Roberts, L. Preston, E. Johnson. “Velocity-pressure solution to modeling 3D noise propagation from an array of current-energy converters.” Proceedings of the 11th EWTEC 2015. Nantes, France. (September 2015).


# Presentations
1. E. Hafla, E. Johnson, J. Roberts. "An uncertainty analysis of propagated sound from an array of marine hydrokinetic devices." Acoustics '17 Boston. Boston, MA. (June 2017).
2. E. Hafla, E. Johnson, J. Roberts. "Investigation of error of propagated sound due to bathymetric interpolation." Acoustics ’17 Boston. Boston, MA. (June 2017). Poster
3. E.C. Hafla, E. Johnson, J.D. Roberts. "Stochasticism in Noise Generated by a Single Marine Hydrokinetic Source." 5th Joint Meeting of the Acoustical Society of America and Acoustical Society of Japan. Honolulu, HI. (November 2016). Poster
4. E.C. Hafla, C. Johnson, E. Johnson, J.D. Roberts. "Noise Generated From an Array of Current Energy Converters," 4th Marine Energy Technology Symposium (METS). Washington, D.C. (April 2016). Poster
5. C.N. Johnson, J.D. Roberts, L.L. Preston, E. Johnson. "Velocity-pressure solution to modeling 3D noise propagation from an array of current-energy converters." 11th European Wave & Tidal Energy Conference. Nantes, France. (September 2015).
6. C.N. Johnson, J.D. Roberts, E. Johnson. "Acoustic propagation modeling for marine hydrokinetic applications." American Geophysical Union Fall Meeting 2014. San Francisco, CA. (December 2014).
